# Comunica Association - Board Meeting May 20 2022

These notes will be made public after the meeting on https://github.com/comunica/association

**Planning**:

Priority:

- Communication channels
- Webinar status
- Roadmap
- Budget application
- Taking up bounties
- Association launch

Less urgent:

- Release schedule

## Presence

- Ruben T
- [Pieter C](https://pietercolpaert.be/#me)
- Jesse W

## Webinar

Webinar went well, and recording is available here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydpdziVNw1k

There is interest for more webinars.

ACTION: do more webinars in the future by freelancers that have sufficient knowledge about Comunica, people can join live for a fee to ask live questions, or watch it afterwards for free (but without questions). We will put this on hold until we find freelancers with sufficient background knowledge.

## Communication channels

Gitter core-dev channel and mailinglist created.

Mailinglist problem: mails get into spam.

ACTION (Ruben): make a Slack server instead.

## Budget Application

Several new bounties are being worked on, so placing bounties ourself is effective.


ACTION: Once budget increases (new sponsors/members), place new bounties.

## Association launch

Plan is to have an official launch of the association fall of this year, and have current members marked as "founding members".

Ask companies to demo their usage of Comunica during the launch event.

ACTION: Launch at/before/**after** Semantics 2022, and try to become sponsor: https://2022-eu.semantics.cc/
  ACTION (Ruben): Organise this!
  ACTION (Pieter): Check if IDLab can fund this (Message will be: Comunica Association by IDLab) (Startup tier)

ACTION: list logos of members on website (IDLab, ANU?, Jacopo's company)
  => Up to the member to decide if they want their logo up
  ACTION (everyone): send Ruben logo + link you want up on the website

ACTION (Ruben): contact potential sponsors/members (have to be member before september)

## Taking up bounties

Are board members allowed to take up bounties?

ACTION (Ruben): write down new rule: if board member wants to take up a bounty, all board members have to agree.

## Release schedule

Introduce a major release schedule (like Node.js)?

ACTION: not needed atm, revisit when more development happens.

## Next meeting

ACTION (Ruben): schedule meeting for next month